<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html [
  <!ENTITY % htmlDTD
    PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
    "DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
  %htmlDTD;
  <!ENTITY % netErrorDTD
    SYSTEM "chrome://global/locale/netError.dtd">
  %netErrorDTD;

<!ENTITY loadError.label "Problem loading page">
<!ENTITY retry.label "Try Again">
<!ENTITY returnToPreviousPage.label "Go Back">
<!ENTITY advanced.label "Advanced">

<!-- Specific error messages -->

<!ENTITY connectionFailure.title "Unable to connect">
<!ENTITY connectionFailure.longDesc "&sharedLongDesc;">

<!ENTITY deniedPortAccess.title "This address is restricted">
<!ENTITY deniedPortAccess.longDesc "">

<!ENTITY dnsNotFound.title "Server not found">
<!ENTITY dnsNotFound.longDesc "
<ul>
  <li>Check the address for typing errors such as
    <strong>ww</strong>.example.com instead of
    <strong>www</strong>.example.com</li>
  <li>If you are unable to load any pages, check your computer's network
    connection.</li>
  <li>If your computer or network is protected by a firewall or proxy, make sure
    that &brandShortName; is permitted to access the Web.</li>
</ul>
">

<!ENTITY fileNotFound.title "File not found">
<!ENTITY fileNotFound.longDesc "
<ul>
  <li>Check the file name for capitalization or other typing errors.</li>
  <li>Check to see if the file was moved, renamed or deleted.</li>
</ul>
">


<!ENTITY generic.title "Oops.">
<!ENTITY generic.longDesc "
<p>&brandShortName; can't load this page for some reason.</p>
">

<!ENTITY malformedURI.title "The address isn't valid">
<!ENTITY malformedURI.longDesc "
<ul>
  <li>Web addresses are usually written like
    <strong>http://www.example.com/</strong></li>
  <li>Make sure that you're using forward slashes (i.e.
    <strong>/</strong>).</li>
</ul>
">

<!ENTITY netInterrupt.title "The connection was interrupted">
<!ENTITY netInterrupt.longDesc "&sharedLongDesc;">

<!ENTITY notCached.title "Document Expired">
<!ENTITY notCached.longDesc "<p>The requested document is not available in &brandShortName;'s cache.</p><ul><li>As a security precaution, &brandShortName; does not automatically re-request sensitive documents.</li><li>Click Try Again to re-request the document from the website.</li></ul>">

<!ENTITY netOffline.title "Offline mode">
<!ENTITY netOffline.longDesc2 "
<ul>
  <li>Press &quot;Try Again&quot; to switch to online mode and reload the page.</li>
</ul>
">

<!ENTITY contentEncodingError.title "Content Encoding Error">
<!ENTITY contentEncodingError.longDesc "
<ul>
  <li>Please contact the website owners to inform them of this problem.</li>
</ul>
">

<!ENTITY unsafeContentType.title "Unsafe File Type">
<!ENTITY unsafeContentType.longDesc "
<ul>
  <li>Please contact the website owners to inform them of this problem.</li>
</ul>
">

<!ENTITY netReset.title "The connection was reset">
<!ENTITY netReset.longDesc "&sharedLongDesc;">

<!ENTITY netTimeout.title "The connection has timed out">
<!ENTITY netTimeout.longDesc "&sharedLongDesc;">

<!ENTITY unknownProtocolFound.title "The address wasn't understood">
<!ENTITY unknownProtocolFound.longDesc "
<ul>
  <li>You might need to install other software to open this address.</li>
</ul>
">

<!ENTITY proxyConnectFailure.title "The proxy server is refusing connections">
<!ENTITY proxyConnectFailure.longDesc "
<ul>
  <li>Check the proxy settings to make sure that they are correct.</li>
  <li>Contact your network administrator to make sure the proxy server is
    working.</li>
</ul>
">

<!ENTITY proxyResolveFailure.title "Unable to find the proxy server">
<!ENTITY proxyResolveFailure.longDesc "
<ul>
  <li>Check the proxy settings to make sure that they are correct.</li>
  <li>Check to make sure your computer has a working network connection.</li>
  <li>If your computer or network is protected by a firewall or proxy, make sure
    that &brandShortName; is permitted to access the Web.</li>
</ul>
">

<!ENTITY redirectLoop.title "The page isn't redirecting properly">
<!ENTITY redirectLoop.longDesc "
<ul>
  <li>This problem can sometimes be caused by disabling or refusing to accept
    cookies.</li>
</ul>
">

<!ENTITY unknownSocketType.title "Unexpected response from server">
<!ENTITY unknownSocketType.longDesc "
<ul>
  <li>Check to make sure your system has the Personal Security Manager
    installed.</li>
  <li>This might be due to a non-standard configuration on the server.</li>
</ul>
">

<!ENTITY nssFailure2.title "Secure Connection Failed">
<!ENTITY nssFailure2.longDesc2 "
<ul>
  <li>The page you are trying to view cannot be shown because the authenticity of the received data could not be verified.</li>
  <li>Please contact the website owners to inform them of this problem.</li>
</ul>
">

<!ENTITY nssBadCert.title "Secure Connection Failed">
<!ENTITY nssBadCert.longDesc2 "
<ul>
  <li>This could be a problem with the server's configuration, or it could be
someone trying to impersonate the server.</li>
  <li>If you have connected to this server successfully in the past, the error may
be temporary, and you can try again later.</li>
</ul>
">

<!ENTITY sharedLongDesc "
<ul>
  <li>The site could be temporarily unavailable or too busy. Try again in a few
    moments.</li>
  <li>If you are unable to load any pages, check your computer's network
    connection.</li>
  <li>If your computer or network is protected by a firewall or proxy, make sure
    that &brandShortName; is permitted to access the Web.</li>
</ul>
">

<!ENTITY malwareBlocked.title "Suspected Attack Site!">
<!ENTITY malwareBlocked.longDesc "
<p>Attack sites try to install programs that steal private information, use your computer to attack others, or damage your system.</p>
<p>Website owners who believe their site has been reported as an attack site in error may <a href='http://www.stopbadware.org/home/reviewinfo' >request a review</a>.</p>
">

<!ENTITY unwantedBlocked.title "Suspected Unwanted Software Site!">
<!ENTITY unwantedBlocked.longDesc "
<p>Unwanted software pages try to install software that can be deceptive and affect your system in unexpected ways.</p>
">

<!ENTITY phishingBlocked.title "Suspected Web Forgery!">
<!ENTITY phishingBlocked.longDesc "
<p>Entering any personal information on this page may result in identity theft or other fraud.</p>
<p>These types of web forgeries are used in scams known as phishing attacks, in which fraudulent web pages and emails are used to imitate sources you may trust.</p>
">

<!ENTITY forbiddenBlocked.title "Forbidden Site">
<!ENTITY forbiddenBlocked.longDesc "<p>&brandShortName; prevented this page from loading because it is configured to block it.</p>
">

<!ENTITY cspBlocked.title "Blocked by Content Security Policy">
<!ENTITY cspBlocked.longDesc "<p>&brandShortName; prevented this page from loading in this way because the page has a content security policy that disallows it.</p>">

<!ENTITY corruptedContentError.title "Corrupted Content Error">
<!ENTITY corruptedContentError.longDesc "<p>The page you are trying to view cannot be shown because an error in the data transmission was detected.</p><ul><li>Please contact the website owners to inform them of this problem.</li></ul>">


<!ENTITY securityOverride.linkText "Or you can add an exception…">
<!ENTITY securityOverride.getMeOutOfHereButton "Get me out of here!">
<!ENTITY securityOverride.exceptionButtonLabel "Add Exception…">

<!-- LOCALIZATION NOTE (securityOverride.warningContent) - Do not translate the
contents of the <button> tags. It uses strings already defined above. The
button is included here (instead of netError.xhtml) because it exposes
functionality specific to firefox. -->

<!ENTITY securityOverride.warningContent "
<p>You should not add an exception if you are using an internet connection that you do not trust completely or if you are not used to seeing a warning for this server.</p>

<button id='getMeOutOfHereButton'>&securityOverride.getMeOutOfHereButton;</button>
<button id='exceptionDialogButton'>&securityOverride.exceptionButtonLabel;</button>
">

<!ENTITY errorReporting.automatic2 "Report errors like this to help Mozilla identify and block malicious sites">
<!ENTITY errorReporting.learnMore "Learn more…">
<!ENTITY errorReporting.sending "Sending report">
<!ENTITY errorReporting.sent "Report sent">
<!ENTITY errorReporting.report "Report">
<!ENTITY errorReporting.tryAgain "Try again">

<!ENTITY remoteXUL.title "Remote XUL">
<!ENTITY remoteXUL.longDesc "<p><ul><li>Please contact the website owners to inform them of this problem.</li></ul></p>">

<!ENTITY sslv3Used.title "Unable to Connect Securely">
<!-- LOCALIZATION NOTE (sslv3Used.longDesc2) - Do not translate
     "SSL_ERROR_UNSUPPORTED_VERSION". -->
<!ENTITY sslv3Used.longDesc2 "Advanced info: SSL_ERROR_UNSUPPORTED_VERSION">

<!ENTITY weakCryptoUsed.title "Your connection is not secure">
<!-- LOCALIZATION NOTE (weakCryptoUsed.longDesc2) - Do not translate
     "SSL_ERROR_NO_CYPHER_OVERLAP". -->
<!ENTITY weakCryptoUsed.longDesc2 "Advanced info: SSL_ERROR_NO_CYPHER_OVERLAP">
<!ENTITY weakCryptoAdvanced.title "Advanced">
<!ENTITY weakCryptoAdvanced.longDesc "<span class='hostname'></span> uses security technology that is outdated and vulnerable to attack. An attacker could easily reveal information which you thought to be safe.">
<!ENTITY weakCryptoAdvanced.override "(Not secure) Try loading <span class='hostname'></span> using outdated security">

  <!ENTITY % globalDTD
    SYSTEM "chrome://global/locale/global.dtd">
  %globalDTD;
]>
<!-- This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public
   - License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this
   - file, You can obtain one at http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/. -->
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" hasBrowserHandlers="true">
  <head>
<meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
    <title>Problem loading page</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="Problem%20loading%20page_files/aboutNetError.css" type="text/css" media="all" />
    <!-- If the location of the favicon is changed here, the FAVICON_ERRORPAGE_URL symbol in
         toolkit/components/places/src/nsFaviconService.h should be updated. -->
    <link rel="icon" type="image/png" id="favicon" href="chrome://global/skin/icons/warning-16.png" />

    <script type="application/javascript"><![CDATA[
      // Error url MUST be formatted like this:
      //   moz-neterror:page?e=error&u=url&d=desc
      //
      // or optionally, to specify an alternate CSS class to allow for
      // custom styling and favicon:
      //
      //   moz-neterror:page?e=error&u=url&s=classname&d=desc

      // Note that this file uses document.documentURI to get
      // the URL (with the format from above). This is because
      // document.location.href gets the current URI off the docshell,
      // which is the URL displayed in the location bar, i.e.
      // the URI that the user attempted to load.

      function getErrorCode()
      {
        var url = document.documentURI;
        var error = url.search(/e\=/);
        var duffUrl = url.search(/\&u\=/);
        return decodeURIComponent(url.slice(error + 2, duffUrl));
      }

      function getCSSClass()
      {
        var url = document.documentURI;
        var matches = url.match(/s\=([^&]+)\&/);
        // s is optional, if no match just return nothing
        if (!matches || matches.length < 2)
          return "";

        // parenthetical match is the second entry
        return decodeURIComponent(matches[1]);
      }

      function getDescription()
      {
        var url = document.documentURI;
        var desc = url.search(/d\=/);

        // desc == -1 if not found; if so, return an empty string
        // instead of what would turn out to be portions of the URI
        if (desc == -1)
          return "";

        return decodeURIComponent(url.slice(desc + 2));
      }

      function retryThis(buttonEl)
      {
        // Note: The application may wish to handle switching off "offline mode"
        // before this event handler runs, but using a capturing event handler.

        // Session history has the URL of the page that failed
        // to load, not the one of the error page. So, just call
        // reload(), which will also repost POST data correctly.
        try {
          location.reload();
        } catch (e) {
          // We probably tried to reload a URI that caused an exception to
          // occur;  e.g. a nonexistent file.
        }

        buttonEl.disabled = true;
      }

      function doOverride(buttonEl) {
        var event = new CustomEvent("AboutNetErrorOverride", {bubbles:true});
        document.dispatchEvent(event);
        retryThis(buttonEl);
      }

      function toggleDisplay(node) {
        toggle = {
          '': 'block',
          'none': 'block',
          'block': 'none'
        };
        node.style.display = toggle[node.style.display];
      }

      function showCertificateErrorReporting() {
        // Display error reporting UI
        document.getElementById('certificateErrorReporting').style.display = 'block';
      }

      function showAdvancedButton(allowOverride) {
        // Display weak crypto advanced UI
        document.getElementById("buttonContainer").style.display = "flex";
        document.getElementById("advancedButton").style.display = "block";
        document.getElementById("errorTryAgain").style.display = "none";

        // Get the hostname and add it to the panel
        var panel = document.getElementById("weakCryptoAdvancedPanel");
        for (var span of panel.querySelectorAll("span.hostname")) {
          span.textContent = document.location.hostname;
        }
        panel.replaceChild(document.getElementById("errorLongDesc"),
                           document.getElementById("advancedLongDesc"));

        // Register click handler for the weakCryptoAdvancedPanel
        document.getElementById("advancedButton")
                .addEventListener("click", function togglePanelVisibility() {
          toggleDisplay(panel);

          if (panel.style.display == "block") {
            // send event to trigger telemetry ping
            var event = new CustomEvent("AboutNetErrorUIExpanded", {bubbles:true});
            document.dispatchEvent(event);
          }
        });

        if (allowOverride) {
          document.getElementById("overrideWeakCryptoPanel").style.display = "flex";
          var overrideLink = document.getElementById("overrideWeakCrypto");
          overrideLink.addEventListener("click", () => doOverride(overrideLink), false);
        }
      }

      function sendErrorReport() {
        var event = new CustomEvent("AboutNetErrorSendReport", {bubbles:true});

        document.dispatchEvent(event);
      }

      function initPage()
      {
        var err = getErrorCode();

        // if it's an unknown error or there's no title or description
        // defined, get the generic message
        var errTitle = document.getElementById("et_" + err);
        var errDesc  = document.getElementById("ed_" + err);
        if (!errTitle || !errDesc)
        {
          errTitle = document.getElementById("et_generic");
          errDesc  = document.getElementById("ed_generic");
        }

        var title = document.getElementById("errorTitleText");
        if (title)
        {
          title.parentNode.replaceChild(errTitle, title);
          // change id to the replaced child's id so styling works
          errTitle.id = "errorTitleText";
        }

        var sd = document.getElementById("errorShortDescText");
        if (sd)
          sd.textContent = getDescription();

        var ld = document.getElementById("errorLongDesc");
        if (ld)
        {
          ld.parentNode.replaceChild(errDesc, ld);
          // change id to the replaced child's id so styling works
          errDesc.id = "errorLongDesc";
        }

        if (err == "sslv3Used") {
          document.getElementById("errorTitle").setAttribute("sslv3", "true");
          document.getElementById("errorTryAgain").style.display = "none";
          document.getElementById("learnMoreContainer").style.display = "block";
          var learnMoreLink = document.getElementById("learnMoreLink");
          learnMoreLink.href = "https://support.mozilla.org/kb/how-resolve-sslv3-error-messages-firefox";
          document.getElementById("buttonContainer").style.display = "flex";
        }

        if (err == "weakCryptoUsed") {
          document.getElementById("errorTitle").setAttribute("weakCrypto", "true");
        }

        // remove undisplayed errors to avoid bug 39098
        var errContainer = document.getElementById("errorContainer");
        errContainer.parentNode.removeChild(errContainer);

        var className = getCSSClass();
        if (className && className != "expertBadCert") {
          // Associate a CSS class with the root of the page, if one was passed in,
          // to allow custom styling.
          // Not "expertBadCert" though, don't want to deal with the favicon
          document.documentElement.className = className;

          // Also, if they specified a CSS class, they must supply their own
          // favicon.  In order to trigger the browser to repaint though, we
          // need to remove/add the link element.
          var favicon = document.getElementById("favicon");
          var faviconParent = favicon.parentNode;
          faviconParent.removeChild(favicon);
          favicon.setAttribute("href", "chrome://global/skin/icons/" + className + "_favicon.png");
          faviconParent.appendChild(favicon);
        }
        if (className == "expertBadCert") {
          showSecuritySection();
        }

        if (err == "remoteXUL") {
          // Remove the "Try again" button for remote XUL errors given that
          // it is useless.
          document.getElementById("errorTryAgain").style.display = "none";
        }

        if (err == "cspBlocked") {
          // Remove the "Try again" button for CSP violations, since it's
          // almost certainly useless. (Bug 553180)
          document.getElementById("errorTryAgain").style.display = "none";
        }

        window.addEventListener("AboutNetErrorOptions", function(evt) {
        // Pinning errors are of type nssFailure2
          if (getErrorCode() == "nssFailure2" || getErrorCode() == "weakCryptoUsed") {
            document.getElementById("learnMoreContainer").style.display = "block";
            var learnMoreLink = document.getElementById("learnMoreLink");
            // nssFailure2 also gets us other non-overrideable errors. Choose
            // a "learn more" link based on description:
            if (getDescription().includes("mozilla_pkix_error_key_pinning_failure")) {
              learnMoreLink.href = "https://support.mozilla.org/kb/certificate-pinning-reports";
            }
            if (getErrorCode() == "weakCryptoUsed") {
              learnMoreLink.href = "https://support.mozilla.org/kb/how-resolve-weak-crypto-error-messages-firefox";
            }

            var options = JSON.parse(evt.detail);
            if (options && options.enabled) {
              var checkbox = document.getElementById('automaticallyReportInFuture');
              showCertificateErrorReporting();
              if (options.automatic) {
                // set the checkbox
                checkbox.checked = true;
              }

              checkbox.addEventListener('change', function(evt) {
                  var event = new CustomEvent("AboutNetErrorSetAutomatic",
                    {bubbles:true, detail:evt.target.checked});
                  document.dispatchEvent(event);
                  if (evt.target.checked && reportBtn.style.display != "none") {
                    sendErrorReport();
                  }
                }, false);

              var reportBtn = document.getElementById('reportCertificateError');
              var retryBtn = document.getElementById('reportCertificateErrorRetry');

              reportBtn.addEventListener('click', sendErrorReport, false);
              retryBtn.addEventListener('click', sendErrorReport, false);
            }
          }
          if (getErrorCode() == "weakCryptoUsed" || getErrorCode() == "sslv3Used") {
            showAdvancedButton(getErrorCode() == "weakCryptoUsed");
          }
        }.bind(this), true, true);

        var event = new CustomEvent("AboutNetErrorLoad", {bubbles:true});
        document.dispatchEvent(event);

        if (err == "nssBadCert") {
          // Remove the "Try again" button for security exceptions, since it's
          // almost certainly useless.
          document.getElementById("errorTryAgain").style.display = "none";
          document.getElementById("errorPageContainer").setAttribute("class", "certerror");
        }
        else {
          // Remove the override block for non-certificate errors.  CSS-hiding
          // isn't good enough here, because of bug 39098
          var secOverride = document.getElementById("securityOverrideDiv");
          secOverride.parentNode.removeChild(secOverride);
        }
        addDomainErrorLinks();
      }

      function showSecuritySection() {
        // Swap link out, content in
        document.getElementById('securityOverrideContent').style.display = '';
        document.getElementById('securityOverrideLink').style.display = 'none';
      }

      /* Try to preserve the links contained in the error description, like
         the error code.

         Also, in the case of SSL error pages about domain mismatch, see if
         we can hyperlink the user to the correct site.  We don't want
         to do this generically since it allows MitM attacks to redirect
         users to a site under attacker control, but in certain cases
         it is safe (and helpful!) to do so.  Bug 402210
      */
      function addDomainErrorLinks() {
        // Rather than textContent, we need to treat description as HTML
        var sd = document.getElementById("errorShortDescText");
        if (sd) {
          var desc = getDescription();

          // sanitize description text - see bug 441169

          // First, find the index of the <a> tags we care about, being
          // careful not to use an over-greedy regex.
          var codeRe = /<a id="errorCode" title="([^"]+)">/;
          var codeResult = codeRe.exec(desc);
          var domainRe = /<a id="cert_domain_link" title="([^"]+)">/;
          var domainResult = domainRe.exec(desc);

          // The order of these links in the description is fixed in
          // TransportSecurityInfo.cpp:formatOverridableCertErrorMessage.
          var firstResult = domainResult;
          if(!domainResult)
            firstResult = codeResult;
          if (!firstResult)
            return;
          // Remove sd's existing children
          sd.textContent = "";

          // Everything up to the first link should be text content.
          sd.appendChild(document.createTextNode(desc.slice(0, firstResult.index)));

          // Now create the actual links.
          if (domainResult) {
            createLink(sd, "cert_domain_link", domainResult[1])
            // Append text for anything between the two links.
            sd.appendChild(document.createTextNode(desc.slice(desc.indexOf("</a>") + "</a>".length, codeResult.index)));
          }
          createLink(sd, "errorCode", codeResult[1])

          // Finally, append text for anything after the last closing </a>.
          sd.appendChild(document.createTextNode(desc.slice(desc.lastIndexOf("</a>") + "</a>".length)));
        }

        // Initialize the cert domain link.
        var link = document.getElementById('cert_domain_link');
        if (!link)
          return;

        var okHost = link.getAttribute("title");
        var thisHost = document.location.hostname;
        var proto = document.location.protocol;

        // If okHost is a wildcard domain ("*.example.com") let's
        // use "www" instead.  "*.example.com" isn't going to
        // get anyone anywhere useful. bug 432491
        okHost = okHost.replace(/^\*\./, "www.");

        /* case #1:
         * example.com uses an invalid security certificate.
         *
         * The certificate is only valid for www.example.com
         *
         * Make sure to include the "." ahead of thisHost so that
         * a MitM attack on paypal.com doesn't hyperlink to "notpaypal.com"
         *
         * We'd normally just use a RegExp here except that we lack a
         * library function to escape them properly (bug 248062), and
         * domain names are famous for having '.' characters in them,
         * which would allow spurious and possibly hostile matches.
         */
        if (okHost.endsWith("." + thisHost))
          link.href = proto + okHost;

        /* case #2:
         * browser.garage.maemo.org uses an invalid security certificate.
         *
         * The certificate is only valid for garage.maemo.org
         */
        if (thisHost.endsWith("." + okHost))
          link.href = proto + okHost;

        // If we set a link, meaning there's something helpful for
        // the user here, expand the section by default
        if (link.href && getCSSClass() != "expertBadCert")
          toggleVisibility("advancedPanel");
      }

      function createLink(el, id, text) {
        var anchorEl = document.createElement("a");
        anchorEl.setAttribute("id", id);
        anchorEl.setAttribute("title", text);
        anchorEl.appendChild(document.createTextNode(text));
        el.appendChild(anchorEl);
      }
    ]]></script>
  </head>

  <body dir="ltr">

    <!-- ERROR ITEM CONTAINER (removed during loading to avoid bug 39098) -->
    

    <!-- PAGE CONTAINER (for styling purposes only) -->
    <div id="errorPageContainer">

      <!-- Error Title -->
      <div id="errorTitle">
        <h1 id="errorTitleText">Unable to connect</h1>
      </div>

      <!-- LONG CONTENT (the section most likely to require scrolling) -->
      <div id="errorLongContent">

        <!-- Short Description -->
        <div id="errorShortDesc">
          <p id="errorShortDescText">Firefox can't establish a connection to the server at localhost:3000.</p>
        </div>

        <!-- Long Description (Note: See netError.dtd for used XHTML tags) -->
        <div id="errorLongDesc">
<ul>
  <li>The site could be temporarily unavailable or too busy. Try again in a few
    moments.</li>
  <li>If you are unable to load any pages, check your computer's network
    connection.</li>
  <li>If your computer or network is protected by a firewall or proxy, make sure
    that Firefox is permitted to access the Web.</li>
</ul>
</div>

        <!-- Override section - For ssl errors only.  Removed on init for other
             error types.  -->
        

        <div id="learnMoreContainer">
          <p><a href="https://support.mozilla.org/kb/what-does-your-connection-is-not-secure-mean" id="learnMoreLink" target="new">Learn more…</a></p>
        </div>

        <div id="buttonContainer">
          <button id="returnButton" autocomplete="off" autofocus="true">Go Back</button>
          <div id="buttonSpacer"></div>
          <button id="advancedButton" autocomplete="off" autofocus="true">Advanced</button>
        </div>
      </div>

      <button id="errorTryAgain" autocomplete="off" onclick="retryThis(this);" autofocus="true">Try Again</button>
      <script>
        // Only do autofocus if we're the toplevel frame; otherwise we
        // don't want to call attention to ourselves!  The key part is
        // that autofocus happens on insertion into the tree, so we
        // can remove the button, add @autofocus, and reinsert the
        // button.
        if (window.top == window) {
            var button = document.getElementById("errorTryAgain");
            var nextSibling = button.nextSibling;
            var parent = button.parentNode;
            parent.removeChild(button);
            button.setAttribute("autofocus", "true");
            parent.insertBefore(button, nextSibling);
        }
      </script>

      <!-- UI for option to report certificate errors to Mozilla. Removed on
           init for other error types .-->
      <div id="certificateErrorReporting">
        <p>
          <input type="checkbox" id="automaticallyReportInFuture" />
          <label for="automaticallyReportInFuture" id="automaticallyReportInFuture">Report errors like this to help Mozilla identify and block malicious sites</label>

          <span id="reportingState">
            <button id="reportCertificateError">Report</button>
            <button id="reportCertificateErrorRetry" style="display: none;">Try again</button>
            <span id="reportSendingMessage" style="display: none;">Sending report</span>
            <span id="reportSentMessage" style="display: none;">Report sent</span>
          </span>
        </p>
      </div>

      <div id="weakCryptoAdvancedPanel">
        <div id="weakCryptoAdvancedDescription">
          <p><span class="hostname"></span> uses security technology 
that is outdated and vulnerable to attack. An attacker could easily 
reveal information which you thought to be safe.</p>
        </div>
        <div id="advancedLongDesc"></div>
        <div id="overrideWeakCryptoPanel">
          <a id="overrideWeakCrypto" href="#">(Not secure) Try loading <span class="hostname"></span> using outdated security</a>
        </div>
      </div>

    </div>

    <!--
    - Note: It is important to run the script this way, instead of using
    - an onload handler. This is because error pages are loaded as
    - LOAD_BACKGROUND, which means that onload handlers will not be executed.
    -->
    <script type="application/javascript">initPage();</script>

  </body>
</html>